(vy) ┌──(vyanky㉿kali)-[~/Desktop/Ollama-main/Ollama-main/2-ollama-privateGPT-chat-with-docs]
└─$ ollama pull tinyllama
pulling manifest 
pulling 2af3b81862c6... 100% ▕███████████████████████████████████████████▏ 637 MB                         
pulling af0ddbdaaa26... 100% ▕███████████████████████████████████████████▏   70 B                         
pulling c8472cd9daed... 100% ▕███████████████████████████████████████████▏   31 B                         
pulling fa956ab37b8c... 100% ▕███████████████████████████████████████████▏   98 B                         
pulling 6331358be52a... 100% ▕███████████████████████████████████████████▏  483 B                         
verifying sha256 digest 
writing manifest 
removing any unused layers 
success 
                                                                                                           
(vy) ┌──(vyanky㉿kali)-[~/Desktop/Ollama-main/Ollama-main/2-ollama-privateGPT-chat-with-docs]
└─$ MODEL=tinyllama:latest python privateGPT.py

Enter a query: what are the types of otion trading
The types of OTC (over-the-counter) trading mentioned in the context are:

1. Open outcrry market (commonly known as an "exchange") - where the trading takes place, and information is communicated via hand signals or shouting among professional traders. It involves sharing information about buy and sell orders between dealing counterparties. This type of OTC trading is comparable to traditional trade in exchange markets but with certain differences such as decentralized management of credit risk and the location of individual positions, leveraged margin-call limits, and no formal centralized limits on individual positions.

2. Electronic media (Over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives) - where complex products are constructed using simple building blocks like forwards, futures, options, and swaps to cater to specific requirements of customers. These derivatives are not a physical marketplace but a collection of brokerages scattered across the country. The main idea is to conduct business rather than doing business in person, and trading is done through high-speed trading systems which allow for tens of thousands of trade executions per second. Algos (algorithms) are used by institutional investors and large brokers to cut down their trading costs. Some large breakers in India also offer their retail clients the option to use algorithmic trading strategies in OTC markets.

> Question:
what are the types of otion trading
The types of OTC (over-the-counter) trading mentioned in the context are:

1. Open outcrry market (commonly known as an "exchange") - where the trading takes place, and information is communicated via hand signals or shouting among professional traders. It involves sharing information about buy and sell orders between dealing counterparties. This type of OTC trading is comparable to traditional trade in exchange markets but with certain differences such as decentralized management of credit risk and the location of individual positions, leveraged margin-call limits, and no formal centralized limits on individual positions.

2. Electronic media (Over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives) - where complex products are constructed using simple building blocks like forwards, futures, options, and swaps to cater to specific requirements of customers. These derivatives are not a physical marketplace but a collection of brokerages scattered across the country. The main idea is to conduct business rather than doing business in person, and trading is done through high-speed trading systems which allow for tens of thousands of trade executions per second. Algos (algorithms) are used by institutional investors and large brokers to cut down their trading costs. Some large breakers in India also offer their retail clients the option to use algorithmic trading strategies in OTC markets.

> source_documents/NISM Series VIII- Equity Derivatives Certification Examination Workbook - May 2023.pdf:
are traded on exchanges. Markets around the world can be classified into two main 
types based on the methods of booking a trade namely an “open outcry” market and 
the “electronic” market. Open outcry is the way of communication between 
professionals on an exchange, which involves shouting, or using hand signals to transfer 
information about buy and sell orders. In an open outcry market, the trading takes place

> source_documents/NISM Series VIII- Equity Derivatives Certification Examination Workbook - May 2023.pdf:
enough to take care of themselves.  
In the OTC derivatives markets, transactions among the dealing counterparties, have the 
following features compared to exchange traded derivatives: 
• Contracts are tailor made to fit in the specific requirements of dealing 
counterparties. 
• The management of counter-party (credit) risk is decentralized and located within 
individual institutions. 
• There are no formal centralized limits on individual positions, leverage, or 
margining.

> source_documents/NISM Series VIII- Equity Derivatives Certification Examination Workbook - May 2023.pdf:
electronic media (called Over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives). A few complex products 
are constructed on simple building blocks like forwards, futures, options and swaps to 
cater to the specific requirements of customers.  
The over-the-counter market is not a physical marketplace but a collection of broker-
dealers scattered across the country. The main idea of the market is more a way of 
doing business than a place. Buying and selling of contracts are matched through

> source_documents/NISM Series VIII- Equity Derivatives Certification Examination Workbook - May 2023.pdf:
higher speeds than human operators sitting at trading terminals. High-frequency trading 
is an offshoot of algo trading which allows a trader to make tens of thousands of trades 
per second. Algo trading is mainly used by institutional investors and large brokers to 
cut down their trading costs. Some large brokers in India also allow their retail clients to 
use algo trading strategies in the derivatives market.

Enter a query: who is the regulater in the marcket
The Central Government has regulatory jurisdiction over the market under SEBI's purview. The SEBI (Stock Broker) Regulations, 1992 are the regulatory framework governing stockbrokers and their records. It aims to ensure that all aspects of securieties trading and running of Stock Exchange are being managed through direct and indirect control from the Central Government.

> Question:
who is the regulater in the marcket
The Central Government has regulatory jurisdiction over the market under SEBI's purview. The SEBI (Stock Broker) Regulations, 1992 are the regulatory framework governing stockbrokers and their records. It aims to ensure that all aspects of securieties trading and running of Stock Exchange are being managed through direct and indirect control from the Central Government.

> source_documents/NISM Series VIII- Equity Derivatives Certification Examination Workbook - May 2023.pdf:
preventing undesirable transactions in securities. It gives the Central Government the 
regulatory jurisdiction over: 
(a)  Stock Exchanges through a process of recognition and continued supervision  
(b)  Contracts in securities, and  
(c)  Listing of securities on Stock Exchanges 
A penalty or suspension of registration of a stock broker under the SEBI (Stock Broker) 
Regulations, 1992 can be ordered if: 
• The stock broker violates the provisions of the Act

> source_documents/NISM Series VIII- Equity Derivatives Certification Examination Workbook - May 2023.pdf:
164 
 
The purpose of inspection of stockbrokers’ records under the SEBI (Stock Broker) 
Regulations, 1992 is to ensure that the books of accounts and other books are being 
maintained in the manner required. 
The recognition to a stock exchange under the Securities Contract (Regulation) Act 1956 
can be granted by the Central Government. It provides for direct and indirect control of 
virtually all aspects of securities trading and the running of Stock Exchanges and aims to

> source_documents/NISM Series VIII- Equity Derivatives Certification Examination Workbook - May 2023.pdf:
market. Its regulatory jurisdiction extends over corporate in the issuance of capital and 
transfer of securities, in addition to all intermediaries and persons associated with 
securities market.  SEBI has been obligated to perform the aforesaid functions by such 
measures as it thinks fit. In particular, it has powers for: 
• Regulating the business in stock exchanges and any other securities markets; 
• Registering and regulating the working of stock brokers, sub–brokers, etc.;

> source_documents/NISM Series VIII- Equity Derivatives Certification Examination Workbook - May 2023.pdf:
(Regulation) Act, 1956, as may be delegated to it by the Central Government.
